hi everyone I haven't done one of these
since some December I stays on this
biweekly um so I'm going to start trying
to keep up with us again I've been doing
my news and let's build some stuff but
nobody ever watches those so it's just
like well kupo what are you up to well
here I'll tell you again I'm sorry I
stopped doing these I just got a little
bit tired of having to record myself I
don't really like doing that um so happy
valentines day of month before you guys
ask no these flowers aren't mine they're
my mom's and I had to move them into my
room because my fat ass cat was eating
them because he's fat he's everything so
hey Bobby's my room to brighten up my
day a little bit so I hope you all are
having a nice Valentine's Day if you're
not so brilliant like myself I hope
you're having a nice cake and I have
things to give away for you guys I have
a bunch of um Dada invites if you guys
want some of those skin keeps getting
them today and I don't know what to do
with them because they don't really have
that many friends so please just leave a
comment below and don't i'll send you
one you know kidney our ID and pray free
DOTA for everybody um and also the
bigger sort of giveaway thing is i just
opened up my mind con bag today um I
kind of hadn't done that since I got
back and so I have an xbox avatar
Minecon cape to give away for somebody
um you have to say something nice and i
will pick a really nice comments and I
will give it away so pretty i'm getting
that away 20 presents to everybody today
I feel like Oprah so um yeah let's see
what's been up with me um I actually
just got here for the flu was really
really really terrible um that was like
the worst three days of my life and I
never ever ever want to deal with that
again um but I feel great now um let's
see since December uh it's actually
bigger we go with keepo i have been
writing my buns off like extra-extra
more than usual so
can't tell but I could totally tell and
yeah Randy's awesome um let's see yes
did you um okay so last week I found
this awesome website called the Eddie
somebody linked it to me on Twitter and
what they do is they sell different
t-shirts every day so usually it's gang
related t-shirts um I saw this awesome
photo fit a c9 google share it now she's
like oh my gosh I have to have it and if
you think really really reasonable stuff
just like yes I'm ordering this totally
and it finally just came in the other
day without too much gratuitous boot
pointing or anything like that oh my
gosh I had a blue shirt and it's amazing
whoo okay um so anyways I decided that
you know they let people submit their
own designs for it and you know that's
kind of actually what I do um I do a lot
of t-shirt design and logo design and
things like that so just like wait a
minute I could totally make an awesome
Mughal shirt too and maybe they'd like
to sell that so I'm probably actually
gonna record that video process you guys
can check out and see how I do fracture
artwork these inkscape which actually
confuses a lot of people so it's gonna
be an interesting video probably because
people were just like I don't understand
how you use this why don't you just use
illustrator because illustrator class
minute and I don't pirate software I'm
just you know what are those good people
who don't like to do those sort of
things and finally the last thing that
is going on um if you guys have been
watching the place a series on my
channel that is actually being done for
a specific reason so if you hadn't
checked it out you should totally look
at it so you don't know the know-how of
what's going on with that next week on
februari 22nd through februari 24th
there's going to be a child's play event
hosted by mark the customer support dude
from the jêng and i don't know who else
he has involved in it um I can't
remember I'm sorry but he's going to be
hosting it and there's going to be lots
of people i know CaptainSparklez student
announcement the other day um a bunch of
other people have as well i don't know
i'm going to show up for it like i'll be
on the server and i'll be hanging out
but i'm building the thing like it's me
and a bunch of other people from the box
a box
goreth on psychic blade casario Elmo um
oh my gosh I feel terrible cause I'm
forgetting names of hopeful blasts bunch
of other people help them sorry I'm not
remembering a lot kid but yeah um I'm
doing a building series on there and
yeah you guys can be able to go down
there so what the point is is I'm
building this huge spawn mark wanted a
sort of cyberpunk city says something
really modern and it has to be done
default which is a huge challenge
because default it's terrible but it's
actually going ok I'm having fun with it
and you know things are getting built in
anyways um he wanted this spawn where
they're just like a different warps to
different places because he's gonna have
multiverse installed so there's gonna be
the creative cities and survival and
then something for capture the flag and
then other sort of games um and so what
I have to do is not only create this
works but I also have to create a place
for people to just hang out in whenever
they just want to hang out at spawn
because a lot of times people just wanna
hop on the server and you do not really
do anything else so that's what I'm
doing making the city cool to explore
there's gonna be lots of little hidden
things um you know lots of places for
people to go to it's not just going to
be one big open circle thing with
nothing in it I really want people to
have fun just hanging out there you know
cuz half the time in Minecraft I'm just
jumping around on stuff I'm not really
doing anything I mean that's just I
don't know there's something hypnotic
about just jumping back and forth around
on like a tree it's weird it is I'm
sorry but it's fun so I'm actually gonna
see uh you know I suggested to mark that
if they reach their donation goal for
the events that they put the actual
spawn up for download because it is a
really cool build like I'm super proud
and pretty fat sort on it it looks
really amazing you know it's a great
build something very different from the
boxee box we've never done anything like
this before especially not in you know
this expense default like it's really
pretty crazy so I'd like to you know
share that out with people and also you
know help them try and achieve their
goal a little bit
faster so hope you guys will be donating
um or at least watching and tuning in
because they're giving away a ton of
stuff I know they have a lot of really
cool things so it's for a great cause
now go support them hey and I think
that's just about it I'm sort of reading
a little bit crazy um I haven't had that
much caffeine today but had a little bit
so a little bit 10 college eyes for the
craziness um this went on a little bit
longer than I thought it would so I'm
going to let you guys go remember um
giving stuff away leave nice comments
for xbox or you know your steam ID or
anything like that so I know who
descended to i'll be sending out pms to
all the people that I pick I don't know
hope that many but i will set that the
p.m. and the codes and all that stuff so
you guys can get free things hey hey for
he things all right so I'm gonna go head
out now I've got a ton of work to do
tonight and I've still got a lot of
recording to do on the plaza series lot
needs to get done for the next um this
week I have a week of building not even
a week since like six days at this point
okay I've got tons of work to do I was
you guys later um thanks for watching as
usual and remember to tune in for all
the other stuff because that's usually
where i talk about what's going on we
don't want to miss out on that so we'll
see you guys later bye
there's a bad